Story:
You are a dachshund who just graduated from college and ready for his first adventure. First thing you need to do is head to the adventurers job fair.
This will likely include a tutorial session on how to travel. Let's say the doors to the fair are closed and your arms are too short to reach the handle
then you can sniff around until you find a grapple to extend your reach (how convinient!). Once inside, there will be several companies that will 
be described and how it can affect your future (class choice). Unfortunately, all of the nonnadventurous jobs are not accepting dachshunds, sad! 
Speak to the adventure recruiters and they will interview you and may include other stat choises, players will bark or growl at these choises. Once the
interview is done, you will be accepted to the job and given a location to go to. This is also where the player will be given the options to go home.
I don't know if I want a home for the player and what the function would be... When they elect to go to the new location they can enter and be told to 
get a lay of the land, as well as a description of places within the location.

Commands:
Travel - As you explore the story, you will discover new locations, you can then use the travel command to pick up and leave to those locations.
Lick - Pick an object, lick it. (describe)
Sniff - try to find a trail that can lead to new knowlege
Get - get an object and put it in your backpack (just make sure it's close enough for your little arms to reach)
Journal - helps keep a record of past events, as well as known locations
Backpack - view whats in your backpack/equip items in your backpack.
Speak - bark at something, enter interaction
Bark - if in interaction, will be a positive response.
Growl - if in interaction, will be a negative response. Outside, may offset or intimidate NPCs
Combine - mix items together, he can, he's a smart boy.
Grapple - get things that may be out of reach. It will be upgraded with different lengths to reach further items. Base grapple will be able to open doors.
Help - lists available commands. (may or may not include available methods)

Combat:
Pounce: basic attack, may be modified with equipped items
Bite: stronger attack. Not as effective if enemy doesn't taste good.
Zoomies: will make enemy dizzy 
Lick: can offput enemy.

Interaction with the Rest system:
- Try to make all 400 methods descriptive, say if someone is looking in their backpack, but a specific item isn't found,
  make the error message backpack specific.
- Please make it comedic
- The idea is that the whole world is open the entire game, it is up to the player to discover them though. Similar to "Her story"
- Players first call new game, they will then need to make a post call to setup their account. The return will be a token that will
  be expected in their header. This token will track their progress. A user/password can be setup to generate a new token.
- Siginifant events will be automatically entered into the journal, but users will be able to make their own notes.